Settings text updates (#66)
uploadcare/uploadcare-wordpress: README.txt

License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
Donate link: https://uploadcare.com/pricing/

> Uploadcare, all-round media upload, storage, management, and delivery solution, breaks many WordPress Media Library limitations. Upload large files from many sources including social media and cloud services. Serve lazy loading responsive images, video or audio embeds with Uploadcare CDN to improve your WordPress site performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploadcare, all-round media upload, storage, management, and delivery solution, breaks many WordPress Media Library limitations. Upload large files from many sources including social media and cloud services. Insert images to WordPress posts and make them responsive and lazy loaded automatically. Embed video & audio and serve everything with Uploadcare CDN to improve your WordPress site performance.
```

> This plugin allows WordPress authors upload files with Uploadcare File Uploader while creating posts and pages. You can migrate your current Media Library to your Uploadcare storage, use Adaptive Delivery and other Uploadcare features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows WordPress authors upload images and other files with Uploadcare File Uploader while creating posts and pages. You can migrate your current Media Library to your Uploadcare storage, use Adaptive Delivery and other Uploadcare features.
```

Reviewer: все-таки в посты добавляют чаще картинки, ну да, аудио-видео тоже

== Description ==

### Features ###

* Upload files of any type (image, video, document, archive) and size (up to 5 TB).
* Upload from your device, URL, social network (Facebook, Instagram, VK, Flickr), and cloud (Dropbox, Google Drive, Google Photos, OneDrive, Box, Huddle, Evernote).

> * Simply embed images, image galleries, photoswipes, video and audio files into your posts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Insert images and galleries to swipe through, embed video & audio files into your posts, and place other files and archives for download.
```

* Uploadcare CDN serves images faster in all parts of the world. Adaptive Delivery analyzes users' context and serves images in a suitable format, resolution, compression, which closes all image-related frontend tasks.
* Transfer your existing Media Library to your Uploadcare storage with no risk of data loss.
* Specify your custom CDN domain, and use a Secure Uploading feature to control who and when can upload files.
* Compatible with a standard WordPress image editor.

### Usage ###

> * When adding an image, video or audio while editing a page or in Media Library, choose one of the Uploadcare options, or add them to Media Library with "Upload with Uploadcare".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When adding an image, video & audio while editing a page, choose "Upload with Uploadcare”. The files will show up in your Media Library, yet they’ll be hosted and delivered with Uploadcare.
```
